[website]: add documentation for Concurrent Admission feature (#10962)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/concepts/cluster_queue.md

list that has enough unused `nominalQuota` quota in the ClusterQueue or the
ClusterQueue's [cohort](#cohort).

When [Concurrent Admission](/docs/tasks/manage/setup_concurrent_admission) is

> enabled for a ClusterQueue, Kueue can try more than one flavor at the same time.

Reviewer: See my other comment: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/pull/10962/changes#r3257979536

list that has enough unused `nominalQuota` quota in the ClusterQueue or the
ClusterQueue's [cohort](#cohort).

When [Concurrent Admission](/docs/concepts/concurrent_admission) is enabled for
a ClusterQueue, the order of `.spec.resourceGroups[*].flavors` also defines
flavor preference: the first flavor is the most preferred flavor for migration.

> Kueue can run admission checks for variants constrained to different flavors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kueue can concurrently pursue admission on multiple flavors independently
```
